Before creating a post we look at some of the practices and elements that are important in the eyes
of Google Search Google gives precedent to articles and post content that is highly relevant to the
search phrase and also is the very best quality variations of the post focus keyword are called LSI
phrases which stands for Latent Semantic indexing
So robots are becoming very sophisticated.
They can even tell if your article is written in a light hearted manner whether it's serious or it is
academic approach.
However they can tell if the text or the page is interesting to a visitor.
The only way they can really tell is how long the visitor stays on the page and how he reacts to the
content on that page.
Posting long articles of 3000 words helps to keep visitors but it must be attractively laid out and
broken up with other page elements also combined with rich content.
Rich content includes video sound text and pictograph images.
You learn how to create long content in the next video.
But for now we're going to look at how such a post should be structured.
The first opportunity to tell search box what your post is all about is in the post you are el by default.
This is a month stroke data type of format and is quite ugly.
Changes are setting in the Wordpress dashboard to the domain dot com or whatever your extension is.
And the key word this looks shouldn't be too long and contains the Post's focus keyword a variation
of the keyword is a longer phrase and is then used for the title words Press codes.
The title has H-1 another variation can be used as a subtitle.
Further on down the page and this is tagged page to.
You can carry on and do the same with age 3 and 8 for attacks.
The main focus keyword can be inserted in the first 100 words and then the final 100 words.
And this is sufficient
so so-called keyword density is not important.
But LSI keywords or
lxi stands for latents semantic indexing these keywords are not just synonyms although they can be that
they are words and phrases frequently placed within text relating to your focus.
Keyword.
This is how Google decides how relevant your page is to any particular search phrase.
And it also serves to remove ambiguity is.
For example if the main focus keyword is best auto paint is possible that the word auto couldn't be
automatic.
The sewage robots just don't know.
They decide by searching for latent semantic indexing words throughout out the text.
If they're a reference to bodywork to cars or body shops in your article then it's safe to assume that
it also refers to automobile
don't worry about LSI keywords any well-written article is filled with them particularly when treated
in the way that I'm going to show you later on.
Use plenty of images to break up the text and spread out the text with plenty of spacing above and below.
Short paragraphs.
You could also use the quote function in bold and italic fonts to enhance the text appearance.
This adds variety blocks of text are difficult to read and not easy on the eye.
Rename images before uploading so that they contain variables of the focus keyword in the filename
another keyword variation or LSI can then be added to the Olt text field for that image.
In general images should be large relevant and eye catching.
Pictographs are great.
They contain info in picture format.
The visit is really like so they tend to stay longer on the page
always add at least one YouTube embedded video to your posts.
If possible the title and the description should contain the focus key word or a close variation.
We will revisit the subject of videos where we create post content in the next lesson.
Google loves to find rich content on your post which content is different styles of content like MP
3.
You can convert the video they have to embed to an MP 3 file and also embed that underneath the video
create a PTF file of the text and load it to the post.
In total linking to other similar posts on your own side re-inforces relevance and two or three links
to every article
are two links to Authority Web sites.
Normally I would enter my focus keyword into Google and link out to one of the top three results.
Unless they are competitors of course
into 10 to 20 related keywords as post tags
a significant amount of traffic can come through.
Tag you or else
I also add three to four keywords as meta tags using the meta tags manager at the bottom of the post
edit page
and Leslie and add social sharing Botham's social traffic is a good indicator of post popularity for
Google search and then the next video I'll show you how to create unique content of between two to three
thousand words in even with our.